1. Chi'en -- Heaven
One of the four timeless hexagrams; pure yang, it
represents strength, firmness, primal unified energy.
2. K'un -- Earth
One of the four timeless hexagrams; pure yin; represents
receptivity, humility, obedience, yielding, flexibility, essence.
3.  Chun -- Difficulty 
Beginning to foster strength of primal energy, the difficult
process of breaking out of acquired temporal conditioning.
4.  Meng -- Darkness 
Starting yin-convergence, making unruly yin submit, integrating
with the world yet preventing mundanity from taking over. Innocence.
5.  Hsu  -- Waiting 
Waiting for the proper timing in gathering primal energy.
Gradually restoring the primordial in the midst of the temporal.
6.  Sung -- Contention 
Depening on strength because of danger, causing danger by depending
on strength. Conflict due to imbalance.
7.  Shih -- The Army 
Using the primordial to repel conditioning, using the real
to get rid of the false.
8.  Pi -- Accord 
Learning through association; obedience in danger, rectification of
imbalance.
9.  Hsiao Ch'u -- Nurturance by the Small 
Nurturing inner strength by outward submissiveness, being firm but
not impetuous, growing through humility.
10.  Lu -- Treading 
Progress; advance of the positive, prevention of danger by caution,
empowerment by calmness and trust.
11.  T'ai -- Tranquility 
Harmony of strength and flexibility.

12.  Pi -- Obstruction 
Submitting inwardly to personal desire, acting aggressive, outwardly.

13.  T'ung Je^n -- Sameness with People 
Mixing in with the ordinary world, concealing illumination,
assimilating to others.
14.  Ta Yu -- Great Possession 
Mutual enhancement of strength and lucidity; continuous renewal,
inward discipline.
15.  Ch'ien -- Humility 
Inwardly firm, outwardly flexible, having personal attainment
but not dwelling on it.
16.  Yu -- Enthusiasm  
Proper timing in action.

17.  Sui -- Following  
According to conditions, going along with human desire to
gradually introduce guidance.
18.  Ku -- Degeneration 
Correcting degeneration by abandoning the false and returning
to the true.
19.  Lin -- Overseeing 
Keeping watch over the restoration and growth of primal energy
and repulsioin of acquired energy of conditioning.
20.  Kuan -- Observation 
Alertness, gradually progressing through receptivity to the
requirements of the time, inner vigilance.
21.  Shih Ho -- Biting Through. 
Investigating things and finding out principles.

22.  Pi -- Adornment 
Private cultivation, without ostentation, mutual complementarity
of clarity and stillness.
23.  Po -- Stripping Away 
Submission to desire, acquired mundanity dissolving away the
celestial energy.
24.  Fu -- Return 
Return of consciousness of reality, activity obeying the mind.

25.  Wu Wang -- Fidelity (No Error) 
Vigorous advancement of celestial energy, attention to reality.

26.  Ta Ch'u -- Nurturance of the Great 
Being able to be still when strong; practicing nondoing to
nurture encipient enlightenment.
27.  I -- Lower Jaw (Nourishment) 
Discernment of good, becoming empty to seek fulfillment.

28.  Ta Kuo -- Excess of the Great 
Following desires, delighting in externals, inability to
control strength.
29.  K'an -- Mastering Pitfalls 
One of the four timeless hexagrams; restoring the celestial
within the mundane.
30.  Li -- Fire 
One of the four timeless hexagrams; illumination with inner
openness.
31.  Hsien -- Sensitivity
Harmonization of the celestial and the earthly.

32.  Heng -- Constancy
Singleminded application, perseverance in real practice.

33.  Tun -- Withdrawal
Storing positive energy, subduing energy, exercising strength
with restraint, not using power arbitrarily.
34.  Ta Chuang -- Great Power
Promoting vigorous positive energy; ability to act or not act,
at will; transcendence of ordinary capacities.
35.  Chin -- Advance
Clearminded sincerity advancing illumination.

36.  Ming I -- Concealment of Illumination
Withdrawing effort after illumination, not using illumination
lightly; being enlightened yet conforming to the times.
37.  Chia Jen -- People in the Home
Governing th einner: refining the self, mastering the mind,
turning the attention inward.
38.  K'uei -- Disharmony
Focus on externals; requires inner emptiness to restore harmony.

39.  Chien -- Halting
Preserving the primordial in the midst of the temporal.

40.  Hsieh -- Liberation
Taking advantage of the appropriate time to liberate positive
primordial energy from influences of negative, conditioned energy.
41.  Sun -- Reduction
Removing acquired conditioning, stilling mundane attraction.

42.  I -- Increase
Entering the Dao gradually, without either rushing or lagging,
increasing the positive while decreasing the negative.
43.  Kuai -- Parting
Detachment from discriminating consciousness, repelling the
energy of external influences.
44.  Kou -- Meeting
Warding off negative influences, preserving the positive.

45.  Ts'ui -- Gathering
Unifying vitality, energy, and spirit.

46.  Sheng -- Rising
Climbing from lowliness to the heights; carefully watching over
the development process.
47.  K'un -- Exhaustion
Refining body and mind.

48.  Ching -- The Well
Accumulation of effort to cultivate character; nurturance of
others.
49.  Ko -- Revolution
Refining personal desires to become unselfish.

50.  Ting -- The Cauldron
Refining illumination.

51.  Chen -- Thunder
Practicing introspection in action.

52.  Ken -- Mountain
Nurturing energy by quietude.

53.  Chien -- Gradual Progress
Gradual practice following appropriate order.

54.  Kuei Mei -- Making a Young Girl Marry
Seeing the real within the false.

55.  Feng -- Richness
Balance of understanding and action, preventing danger by awareness.

56.  Lu -- Travel
Stabilizing and nurturing illumination, transcending the world.

57.  Sun -- Wind
Progress by flexible obedience.

58.  Tui -- Joy
Communion of the inward and the outward; joy in practicing the Dao.

59.  Huan -- Dispersal
Confusion of yin and yang followed by reordering.

60.  Chieh -- Discipline
Being able to be joyful even in trouble; practicing obedience in
trying circumstances, adaptably keeping to the Dao.
61.  Chung Fu -- Faithfulness in the Center
Avoidance of both obsession and negligence, seeking fulfillment by
becoming empty.
62.  Hsiao Kuo -- Predominance of the Small
Being fulfilled but acting empty; inwardly strong, outwardly
yielding; inwardly firm, outwardly flexible.
63.  Chi Chi -- Settled
Mutual completion of yin and yang; forestalling danger to stabilize
attainment.
64.  Wei Chi -- Unsettled
Refining the self, repelling mundanity, waiting for the time to
restore the primordial celestial positivity.
